# Tagup back-end Technical Challenge

Thanks for your interest in joining our team! This challenge is a simple test for us to evaluate your technical abilities in advance of meeting in person.

## Project Description

The goal of this assignment is to create a RESTful API connected to a local database that can save, modify, delete,and output data records. The project shouldn’t take more than an hour or two to complete.

You can use whichever language/framework and database you’re most comfortable with—the goal here is not to validate your knowledge of a particular technology, rather to understand “how” you code.

## Technical Requirements

### Data Format

The format for a standard data record that your API accepts should be in JSON format and contain the following properties:
- _id: A unique record ID (this will generally be automatically generated by your preferred database)
- timestamp : The unix time, in milliseconds, that the record was created
- value1: A generic random value (integer, float, or boolean)
- value2: A generic random value (integer, float, or boolean)
- value3: A generic random value (integer, float, or boolean)
- creationDate: The unix timestamp, in milliseconds, that the record was first saved to the database
- lastModificationDate: The unix timestamp, in milliseconds, of the last time the record was modified

For example, The JSON notation of this object will look like:
```JS
{
  "_id": id,
  "timestamp": timestamp,
  "value1": value1,
  "value2": value2,
  "value3": value3,
  "creationDate": creationDate,
  "lastModificationDate": lastModificationDate
}
```

### API Endpoints

|Route                  |Description|
|--                     |--|
|/api/list              | List all the records|
|/api/create            | Create a record**|
|/api/read/:recordId    | Read a specific record|
|/api/modify/:recordId  | Update a specific record |
|/api/remove/:recordId  | Delete a specific record |

** The record object should be sent using the format below. That is, the ***_id***, ***creationDate***, and ***lastModificationDate*** properties are not provided - they are automatically generated on the back end.
```JS
{
"timestamp": timestamp,
"value1": value1,
"value2": value2,
"value3": value3
}
```

###Response format

Endpoints should return a JSON response.

Exposed data to API consumer must only contain:
- the unique ID (default name generally defined by the DB)
- the timestamp : timestamp
- the value 1 provided during the creation of the record
- the value 2 provided during the creation of the record
- the value 3 provided during the creation of the record

## Deliverable

The source code should be hosted on github and the end result deployed on a public Cloud (Heroku, AWS etc. all have free tiers you can use).


## Tips

Try to design and implement your solution as you would do for real production code. Show us how you create clean, maintainable code that does awesome stuff. Build something that we'd be happy to contribute to. This is not a programming contest where dirty hacks win the game.

Feel free to add more features: we're curious about what you can think of. We'd expect the same if you worked with us!

